1	The game is super good! The style is not so good.
2	"The game was awful, gameplay was crap, graphics weren't very good, sound was disapointing. Seen much better from older games."
3	"Middle of the road FPS; the graphics are actually very nice, but the mission designs will leave you pulling your hair out; on medium difficulty, you'll run in to the ""impossible to pick out the enemy from the background"" issue, while the enemy AI hits you enerringly again and again. But the vehicle implementation is nice, and it's got promise; if you've got the patience, and find it for under $20, you might be satisfied.&hellip; Expand"
4	"Good game. Old Chrome *with* all patches. Good GFX, good story, good areas."
5	"For a game released late 2004, it's utterly pathetic. From word go it's boring and helplessly lacking in gameplay. ""Look enemies at one'o'clock.."" after scanning you realise it's two enemies way up ahead. The next enemies, the same.. the next.. the same.. repetitive. There are MUCH better older games out there. If you're looking for mediocre, look at this. If they release it above $40 AUD i'd laugh. On highest graphic settings possible it still looks horrible. The people look like Kryten from Red Dwarf. Stay away from this one..&hellip; Expand"
6	"When you buy this game open the front cover, grab a big black felt pen, and cover up the parts that say sea and air cause you won't be doing any of that. What the game does do is present a fun, fairly long FPS at a budget price. The vehicles you do drive are pretty fun, the guns are cool and pack a lot of punch, and dispite what others have just said it looks pretty damn good. If you were let down by Unreal 2 like I was, this is a good game to show you what could have been. While the AI and voice acting are poor, it is still a good game at $20.&hellip; Expand"
7	It was good i like the mechs but it could of had more ppl online.
8	it was ok i liked it alot and it was pretty good for 2004 even i just got it for $20 which is amzing just check it out u'll like it
9	"I found this for 5 dollars. I wasnt expecting wonder. What i got was a fun game, though it has lackluster visuals and sound, its doesnt hamper the gameplay. If you can find it cheap, its a good deal."
10	"Oh wow. Got it way back on the bargain bin, but I wish I hadn't. The cover information is interesting, but not accurate at all. The first mission didn't even function correctly, with the AI not doing what it needed to for the player to proceed. Terrible graphics and overall quality, and not really even functional. Completely misleading."
11	"This game is very bad.Pros: Good graphics from unreal engine, Good weapon sounds, Good Animations, Online bot matchCons: Takes way to many shots to kill someone, Extreme lag even on lowest settings, Weapons and animations replicate Cod4, Killstreaks promote camping, Game mechanic where you get many kills you become weak, Lots of children gamers (cod players) camp, base rape, text troll, no teamwork, and smart a*s-ness, Weapons cost too much, Very bad AI.Overall this is an exact copy of (what else) CoD. It is not a fun game because it relies on cheap players rampaging, base raping, camping, and using killstreaks then getting rewarded for that play. However, if you are one of those butt fu**ers that obsess over CoD 24/7 then this is your cake.&hellip; Expand"
12	"A multiplayer Call of Duty 4 (and so on...) clone, nothing more. Also, it's lagging soo hard sometimes and you have to shoot soo many bullets to the enemy to kill him/her. Anyway, the graphics are good, but it's not enough to call it a good game."
13	"Awesome game! The incredible Lag it had once the game had shifted to Steam, was addressed and fixed ASAP it seems! Just to inform those who are holding back because of that.Which is silly either way as the game is free... and well it feels alot, let me repeat that in caps - ALOT, like the CoD (Call fo Duty) Series, which is a freaking brilliant thing imo! It's just pure and plain fun playing AC, even more so as it features quite brutal scenes for a Multiplayer FPS (if that's your kind of thing), i could do without, but i am really happy it's there, you can blow heads and limbs off and all that neat stuff!Also it has similar Killstreak traits as CoD has, which is another motivator, so you see it is not called the Free CoD for no reason! And since it is free, why not give it a try?!Graphics: Are ok, for a free to play title etc. etc. bla bla, yes indeed it is ok, not overwhelming, but ok which also has the advantage that the game runs on older systems! Besides i never was a Graphics whore, it's all about the gameplay and AC really rocks in that department, and many others! So go check it out!&hellip; Expand"
14	"Not a good game at all. Poor graphics(not good enough to compete with other f2p's), poor character and weapon customization, bad maps( maps allow you to camp), poor gameplay, a lot of children players. The worst side about the game was unrealistic weapons, having lag always even with lowest options and the truth that if you want to get some kill streaks you must be a camper. The only good side about the game was that it was free to play i think and actually it isn't a pay to win.&hellip; Expand"
15	"Arctic Combat is a mixed bag. On one hand, the game is not horrible but there is a significant problem. One of the most fundamental aspects of a first person shooter is, well, the shooting. In Arctic Combat the lag from shooting will literally force you to lead your target by a significant amount, ie aiming completely ahead of the target at less than 20 yards to even hit them. I don't know if the makers have actually shot a gun before but that is beyond ridicules. The maps are okay, the gun selection is okay. The AI bots are the typical brainless bots that once your team sets up a choke point the game is over. They keep coming and you keep mowing them down. If you have a few moments to waste it will keep your attention for a few games. Nothing ground breaking as far as FPS games go.&hellip; Expand"
16	"Been playing this game for about a week now and i'am starting to become addicted to it.  This game is similar to most fps military games out there like ( Combat Arms, A.V.A, Crossfire etc ) . The graphics are average but still good, the guns are little overpowered , sweet selection of small and big maps and ranking up doesn't take along.  I would recommend you try out this game, plenty of hours, of fun.  Download it on steam or visit  http://ac.webzen.com&hellip; Expand"
17	"If you want Call of Duty, buy Call of Duty. Even if all you want is a simple FPS, don't bother with this. Arctic Combat is a just-different-enough-not-to-get-sued ripoff of the COD series with terrible translation, abhorrent voice acting, and lag bad enough to ruin any fun you might accidentally stumble across. The first grenade I tossed was greeted with a guttural ""Grenade throw!"" muttered by someone who must have completed a two-week correspondence course in English the night before; text throughout the game must have been rushed through the first Korean to English translator that came up on Altavista; and every second player who walks into my crosshairs jitters back and forth before careening into walls and ignoring their hitbox, making the game nearly impossible to play. When I finally get fed up with the poor performance and decide to exit, the game freezes for two or three (real, literal, no exaggeration) *minutes* before finally dropping me back to the lobby screen.Don't think I just dislike B-quality imports, either: I still fire up Combat Arms occasionally because it's a genuinely entertaining game with good level design when you get a few buddies on the same server. Arctic Combat, however, doesn't even know how to draw a ""B"" when provided with four hours, an unlimited supply of pencils, and a personal handwriting coach.Its promoters portray the game as some kind of slick, advancement-based MMO that encourages teamwork and quick reflexes, but let it be known: This is nothing but an FPS, and an extremely poorly implemented one, at that. Do not waste the bandwidth to download it.&hellip; Expand"
18	"nice graphics, modes are good.I was in the closed beta and i ensure you that the game have change a lot of things(weapons and maps,upgrade). But sometimes remembers me the well-known game Call of Duty, but it still like me. Find it in steam or in webzen.com"
19	"Is not that bad for a F2P game, still need to play more hours to test it properly, but i can tell you that;* it's like some kind of mix between COD and CS, maybe with more close quarters maps, short range and fast action.* graphics are quite good IMHO, i think it looks better than COD on my PC, but maps are smaller instead.Just give it a try if you like FPS games with nice graphics and fast gameplay.&hellip; Expand"
20	"Generic. That's really the word for it. It isn't good, it isn't bad, it's just...generic. There isn't much that Arctic Combat offers that you can't get from some random Call of Duty game."
21	"This game is good for what it is: a free-to-play multi-player fps. While the backstory is weak and there are many hackers, it can be quite fun to play most of the time. I wouldn't have spent money on the game, but since it is free-to-play I downloaded it and have been having a good time."
22	"This game is amazing! It is free and the graphics aren't that bad. It isn't something that you will play forever, but playing with friends is awesome!"
23	"This game was released in December 2012, and back then, the overall feeling was a little bit weak. But this game has grown over time, and I think they are doing great, and the game has become much funnier to play.One of the newest additions to the game, Defense mode, gives an amazing opportunity to earn In-Game money fast and easy, giving players a chance to buy almost every weapon they would like to have.When I read other reviews of this game, it seems like people didn't like the game much back in December/January 2012/2013. But I think they should give it another try, because it has become so much better over the last months.I like this game better and better for every month, and I think I would have to give it an 8 in a short time.&hellip; Expand"
24	"Terrible graphics, lags, outdated engine, stolen content from call of duty and counter strike, bad map design, terrible sound effects and loads of campers. Well this game just gave me cancer, it's even much worse than the new Cod series from Modern Warfare 2 to Black ops 2. Don't play it it's not the time worth."
25	"Bf2142 is like an elusive club, or like marmite, love it or hate it kind of thing. now i'm not saying it's perfect, hence the 9, but christ on a bike, it's got lots of original features, titan mode, rank system that is genuinley rewarding, and who denies the grim satisfaction of 'podding' on an unspecting victim, genius. but there is a catch... punkbuster can be a mare, but with a bit of fiddling and researching is overcomeable, ea's support for this franchise is undying and has a massive following, regardless of others opinion, also the adrenalin you can be burning off when things start heating up is addictive. the locations are very well thought out too, if a little bland and unpopulated(where is everyone?) team up's is well put together also and in some m/player servers manditory, but that isnt a bad thing as it brings you all together, filling each other up with med and ammo is also a great feeling, commeradery an all, altogether a great game that can be bought for peanuts now. Recommended.&hellip; Expand"
26	"Battlefield 2142 is the first game in the Battlefield series to be set in the future.The game is mainly focused on the infantry gameplay, which has been improved a lot compared to the previous BF games. The gunplay has been improved a lot (no more insane bullets spread, weapons are more based on recoil now), the explosives spam has been reduced quite a lot (no more 4 grenades per class, no more claymores that kill you from 10 meters away) and the level of customization has been improved too (you have various primary weapons, gadgets and perks to choose from).The maps are mainly focused on the urban environment, most of them are rather small and linear and they are either in the desert or submerged by the snow and ice.The vehicle gameplay didn't change much, the jets have been removed but the helicopters are now more agile, there are now the walkers which are very powerful anti-infantry vehicles.The commander and the squad system have been improved too (the artillery strike is now more balanced, it's much easier to give precise orders to the squad and know what's going on).The new gamemode called Titan is a very good addition to the game. It mixes pretty well the vehicles combat with the infantry combat and it still has the Conquest aspect into it.Overall the game is very good if you like the infantry combat, but because of the limited maps designs it might not offer too much variety, especially if you like playing with vehicles. The major problems with the game are definitely the netcode and the hit registration which are simply terrible and barely working.&hellip; Expand"
27	"It's a step down from BF2 and it costs more as well.  It's just as bug ridden, has a different setting (which you may or may not like better), and generally worse gamplay.  If you really love futuristic games and don't already own BF2 then it's worth a look but otherwise buy/keep playing BF2."
28	Please check this link BEFORE installing this game: http://www.dailytech.com/article.aspx?newsid=4568The IGA plugin that automatically installs with this game is considered spyware for some. The game isn't bad but that plugin is sketchy at best. Your money is now helping an ad agency pump their content directly to your computer. Boycott this game and let EA Games know where they can stick their $50.&hellip; Expand
29	"This is quite simply amazing I found this to be a much faster paced game than BF2, love the ranking system, love the weapons and vehicles, still a few problems like with any game with the pins rewards I.E. performing the criteria and not recieveing the pin can be quite frustrating but generally a vast improvement on the previous games."
30	"The most balanced, well designed, team based shooter I have ever played. This game is all about skill. Love it or hate it. It is the best at what it does."
31	"Despite what you think of the actual gameplay (which is pretty much the same as Battlefield 2, only now with 'lazorpewpewpew'), this game gets a 0 because of EA's attempts at placing spyware on your computer and using it to push advertising into the game.  Sure, they released an official statement after the internet exploded with the news, stating that it only records time spent looking at the in-game ads, distance from the ads, your region, etc. - it is STILL spyware and advertising to me through a game I've already spent money on.  Some say this is the future of videogames (see EA's other ad-fest: Fight Night Round 3).  Well, then I say it's time for consumers to tear down these corporate behemoths and push our own agendas, using our wallets.  Shame on you EA.&hellip; Expand"
32	"The game does not function.  It was released broken.  Yes it could probably be a great game.  Know this, when you buy it you may not get to play multi player.  Please check forums before you buy for things like Disconnect from EA MAster Server.  They have no fix for this and it means you will not get to play multi player."
33	"Couldnt even log into the game, continuously kicked from the server in the entry screen when creating a player. Support is pathetic. Last game from EA I buy in my life."
34	"Doesn't matter how good the game is, spyware is just wrong! From the disclaimer in the retail box: ""The software may incorporate technology developed by IGA Worldwide, the advertising technology. The purpose of the advertising technology is to deliver in-game ads when you use the software while connected to the Internet. When you use the software while connected to the Internet, the advertising technology may record your IP address and other anonymous information. That advertising data is temporarily used by IGA to enable the presentation and measurement of in-game ads and other in-game object which are uploaded temporarily to the your PC or game console, and change during online gameplay. The advertising technology does not collect personal or identifiable information about you.""&hellip; Expand"
35	"Don't buy this game because if you do you will be sending a message to E.A that its ok to stick spyware on your PC. Let me explain. Battlefield 2142, from Electronic Arts, is quickly coming under fire all over the Internet. What was once a must have for many gamers is turning into a fiasco where thousands of gamers are demanding their pre-order money back and vows of never buying another EA game. At the heart of the matter are the mandatory ads included in the game. DICE, who developed the game, have stated that data will be gathered from in game. Web browsing and other profiling data is not being gathered. Here is a fundamental feeling of distaste from gamers who find EA&hellip; Expand"
36	"I want to give BF2142 a high mark, it has the potential.  The simple truth is that the game does not work yet.  There are massive amounts of disconnects from the EA Master Server for a lot of people.  Even more are complaining about crash to desktop and punkbuster kicks.  Many cannot even log on.  If you really like the BF series, my suggestion is to wait, the game isn't going to be sold out.  EADice really need to fix the massive problems that still plague this game.  It is a real shame because there is so much potential.  Don't take my word for it, go to EA.com and look at the forums for BF2142...there are massive problems.&hellip; Expand"
37	EA Games stop ripping us off. The Ads suck a big willie. Shame on you!
38	"Would have been a good game but just like Battlefield 2, it crashed constantly and for no reason. See the EA forums to find many others that will tell you the same thing."
39	"It's pretty greedy to release a game at full price that is blatantly expansion pack material. It's also a lot less fun than BF2, so even at half price I actually wouldn't recommend it. There are better BF mods to download for free out there if you're looking for a new spin on the formula."
40	This game is 10x better that bf2. It loads twice as fast. Your not spending half your time waiting to join a game like on bf2. There are some glitches in the game. But overall it is more fun to play because of the increases loading/operation.
41	Beautiful graphics. That's about everything the game has to redeem itself from being labeled 'Utter Rubbish'. It's riddled by an immense amount of bugs and poor design which plague every aspect from menus to disastrous network glitches to awful gameplay. Single and LAN gamers beware.
42	"Terrible game! Walking across uneven platforms is impossible, you'll either lag or stop for a moment and then move, or you just will stop all together.. the game lags. Nothing original in the game, the lack of a forgive/punish system is laughable, not worth the $50. Save yourself the trouble."
43	"Battlefield 2142 is not as fun as most other multiplayer shooters out there and can be very frustrating. Balance is also an issue. Recon class players can run through a group of people, dropping and detonating explosives, and come out of it unharmed if friendly fire is off (it usually is). Also, when sprinting players move very fast but cannot shoot: very useful for getting to cover. However, when not sprinting players move extremely slow: making them easy targets and greatly reducing the fun of one on one fights; since both combatants are practically immobile. Being used to playing Counter-Strike: Source, I found that this made the gameplay extremely boring. Ultimately, after playing this game for about three weeks I'm probably going to throw it away.&hellip; Expand"
44	Absolutely brutal. Can't believe they released this garbage.
45	"Wow, huge downgrade from BF2."
46	"In-game ads, tons of bugs, runs like a mule...hold off on this shoddy release."
47	"I played this game on MAX detail level, played just fine fast and smooth. But the graphics seem to be alittle outdated. Did they use the engine from an older game? I think so. and it show like it. The gameplay is ok. But nothing special. Overall I am disappointed with this game. It feels like it was rushed into being released."
48	"It gets a 1 for what it might be if I can ever get a connection to the EA server for 24hrs.....and I'm one of those folks that just enjoys a little offline , single player fun with a game  to blow off steam.....I'm not impressed thus far....didn't have this much problem with Steam  or StarForce  games.....especially just to do some simple offline play......maybe its worth it for the online, which I would understand , but if you want a bit off offline time look elsewhere or buy an older BF game.......Its ridiculous not to be able to play the offline features without connecting online with the server....&hellip; Expand"
49	"Rushed-up development, guinea-pig beta testing with the final customers,. In-game advertising, spyware claims, greedy publishers, high price-tag, day 0 patches, bugs & exploits galore, feels like a bad mod. Huge deception. It's not a normal videogame, it's a rip-off, an adware mod. Should go back to the developers and not come out until all the crap has been removed from the game, and all the QA testing done.&hellip; Expand"
50	"Its ok, but certainly there is nothing new. The guns just feel like reskinned versions of the bf2 ones. Also the dropships just arn't as cool compared to helicopter-gunships and fighterjets, just because its futuristic don't make it better. Spyware and advertising in games also suck. So if you havn't got bf2 buy it and if you do maybe consider an add-on, all in all bf2 is just much more fun.&hellip; Expand"
51	"Welcome to Battlefield 2.5, plus ads. You're paying full price for a good mod. Count me out."
52	"Wow &pound;35 for a Battlefield 2 mod I have to say its expensive for what is on offer and the real big downer is that if you want to install this game you have to agree to the EULA and let Electronic ARTS Install some data mining software on your PC that allows them to show you ADVERTS while playing the game. This wouldn't have been to bad if this game was free to download but its not and as you know EA don't release there title onto budget, game like Battle for Middle Earth 2 year old game still cannot be brought for anything less than &pound;30/ Sims2 again a few years old and still not available on budget , but im getting of point here. What I'm trying to say is that though this game has a intresting enviroment and plays exactly like Battlefield 2, this game just comes accross as a rather expensive mod thats no worth the money there asking PLUS IT HAS ADVERTS. Ask any games player that having a preference between having ingame adverts shoved in your face or having none, I bet you will find a large marorigty will go for the none option&hellip; Expand"
53	"Terrable shoody release, Team killing is far to easy to do by accident, punkbuster keeps kicking players and ADVERTS. I really don't like the idea that EA is using my IP address to geographicly know my so specific adds can be sent to me. I don't want adverts no decent player wants adverts, this is a awful technology and if people accept it now, then you can bet that EA and other software houses will then start using the technology and before you know it 10 years down you will be playing your battlefield 3429 and you will have to stop every 15 mins to watch adverts for 5 mins. If you allow this now you will open a flood gate of bad things that gamers never had before and never wanted now.&hellip; Expand"
54	"Completly disaster. Tried kill legend of Battlefield 1942 but couldn't - Battlefield will be known forever, about this game even children forgot when EA with DICE will create some new disaster. Dusk of legend Battlefield series - especially first part of this series."
55	"I haven't played it yet, but I think it's a bad sign for the games industry that EA is wiling to sell a game with a title derived from two others in a move that can only be seen as cashing-in at its worst.  Battlefield 2 was over-hyped, and I just hope that few people buy 2142."
56	"Good lord...one of the worst EA games, and a shameful entry to the Battlefield series. Riddled with bugs, exploits, frequent disconnects/master server kicks, and SPYWARE of all things, this game is a bonafide stinker. The only people giving this game greater than a 6 rating have obviously never played either BF1942 or BF2, or at least have a poor sense of judgement. This game adds almost nothing new, and even DECREASES the number of kits the choose from. The Titan Mode, craptacular mechanized walker, and 'improved' item system neither make this game interesting, nor do they substantiate a $50+ price tag. EA is just kicking games out the door now, in a Microsoft-esque case of 'ship now, patch later', which seems to have become the norm for the majority of PC games these days. Stay away from this one.&hellip; Expand"
57	Does not work on Windows Vista which leadsmme to believe EA no longer supports this game.
58	Single player mode is garbage! Why on earth they'd release a game with only 5 single player maps is beyond me.
59	Amazing game. Well build engine and gameplay. I like it 10000x more than 1942 and 100 x more than bf2 only thing is the way the knife is coded is just lazy. your actually shooting a gun that looks like a knife w/ the bullet range of like a centimeter.
